#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile src/requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.5
    # via datasetsforecast
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyconfig==0.10.1
    # via kedro
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via cookiecutter
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   kedro
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
black==22.12.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
build==0.10.0
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via kedro
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   black
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   pip-tools
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cookiecutter==2.3.0
    # via kedro
coverage[toml]==7.3.0
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
datasetsforecast==0.0.7
    # via -r src/requirements.in
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dynaconf==3.2.1
    # via kedro
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
flake8==4.0.1
    # via -r src/requirements.in
fonttools==4.42.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via kedro
gitdb==4.0.10
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.32
    # via kedro
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kedro
    #   nbconvert
    #   numba
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   kedro
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.12.2 ; python_version >= "3.8"
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via kedro
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.5.3
    # via -r src/requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.2
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
kedro==0.18.12
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   kedro-telemetry
kedro-telemetry==0.2.5
    # via -r src/requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via flake8
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
more-itertools==10.1.0
    # via kedro
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.3
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbstripout
    #   notebook
nbstripout==0.6.1
    # via -r src/requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.57.1
    # via
    #   datasetsforecast
    #   statsforecast
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   datasetsforecast
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via kedro
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   build
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   datasetsforecast
    #   seaborn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parse==1.19.1
    # via kedro
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.2
    # via black
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.3.0
    # via kedro
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pytoolconfig
plotly==5.16.1
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   statsforecast
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   pytest
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyflakes==2.4.0
    # via flake8
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via build
pytest==7.4.0
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
pytest-mock==1.13.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==8.0.1
    # via cookiecutter
pytoolconfig[global]==1.2.5
    # via rope
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   omegaconf
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datasetsforecast
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   kedro-telemetry
rich==13.5.2
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
rope==1.9.0
    # via kedro
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsforecast
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r src/requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsforecast==1.4.0
    # via -r src/requirements.in
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   statsforecast
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via kedro
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   build
    #   coverage
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pip-tools
    #   pyproject-hooks
    #   pytest
    #   pytoolconfig
toposort==1.10
    # via kedro
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   datasetsforecast
    #   statsforecast
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.7.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipython
    #   rich
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.4
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.41.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r src/requirements.in
    #   datasetsforecast
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
